well I folks put a bit of snow down
first I'm going up to the plot for
almost a month so I'll just coming up a
look and see what's been going on I'm a
bit snowed on up here cuz it's a bit
higher up in not really much going on
it's all dog or the thumb cause it could
all be digging it over in there's not a
lot going off just got a few bit there I
fear the old leaks still left but
they're good they're gonna suffer in
this cold you're looking a bit wilted in
frozen already honey right this snow and
ice will do it well break it all down
off the kill a few slugs and nasties
gave me Politan the really good
scrubbing about a month ago so it was
really filthy inside and out got that
about eight degrees minus eight last
night so I should we say solid rock to
get to about minus ten tonight as well a
dn't colder so let's see how it gets on
yeah proper solid I same thing again
this is all been sorted out tidied up
and stuff like that so thankfully I'm
not much to do in here all the beds have
been dug over me only in beds and
sterilized so then again old dog over
trying to few carats in this year long
ones just to see if they get any bigger
and safe but a little bit bigger book
just to try so that's the polytunnel
nice and clean so it should let a bit
more light in hopefully we get a rubbish
summer like last year we know some need
every bit of light we can get so like I
said there's not much going on others
got really quick one derailment one
takes the first time I've been up for a
month same thing again plenty of snow
that's not been a lot of snow on it was
not a hell of a lot more appear only a
mile away from where I live
rot me let the dog up I mean what a just
nice ease hey honey rats
yeah pretty got this yes what do you
know anyway kill two birds with one
stone I have a lot of tech dog for a
walk
that's on me carrots have got lots of
carrots under their ever laid it or not
you sure ones that I never got around to
use so lots of carrots still growing and
should really be sorting all this out
now they look upon their palms frozen
solid as well as there's a few goldfish
under there somewhere they easily get
through it a couple of years ago when it
got to like minus 15 18 it did actually
Nelly three solid and the old frost of
death so well you walked up and again
but asked for 100 grams again that's me
me main drawing bit now thankfully Olga
over so this snow and ice and stuff will
help it all break down got some a purple
sprouting broccoli put it under there
just to give it a bit of protection but
was actually a few heads coming up she's
a very very early seems to survive
and which few overwintering onions like
I say it's that cold and wet but I like
to put these under protection too now
I'm drawing a bit basically as this sort
of the middle of it generates about it's
hot
those are always on here your picture
Singhal going to be new camera lens zoom
right that's all folks see you later